Add requirements for organization-hosted extensions (#1720)
cocotb/cocotb: documentation/source/extensions.rst

The source code of cocotb extensions can be hosted anywhere.
If authors wish to do so, extensions can also be hosted on GitHub in the `cocotb GitHub organization <https://github.com/cocotb>`_ (e.g. ``github.com/cocotb/cocotbext-EXTNAME``).
Please file a `GitHub issue in the cocotb repository <https://github.com/cocotb/cocotb/issues>`_ if you'd like to discuss that.

> Note that a cocotb-hosted extension needs to fulfill some requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that hosting extensions within the cocotb organization is decided on a case-by-case basis by the cocotb maintainers.
At least, a cocotb-hosted extension needs to fulfill the following requirements:
```

Author: Done.
